---
layout: post
title: "Benchmark Summary"
date: 2018-10-26
---

    The bemchamark summarizing everything from the beggining of september to now so Im going to use the notes I took as checkpoints as to what we have done and end with all of it has taught us. September 14th 2018 was the day we took our first notes and what we discussed was websites html(hyper text markup) alomg with css basicaly the way something looks and more are files that build web pages and are in fact what we used to build this blog. As im writing this I looked back at the files we used to create the actual website specifically in the folder layouts in there is the post.html which is used everytime we make a post in this writing itself in github. In github right now as I am writing this it says at the very top layout post so it is using the post.html file to create a post on the website. I can't remeber exactly and the notes are a bit messy since there was so much to write but in my notes I wrote that html by itself is useless just an outline html is a markup language not WYSIWYG(what you see is what you get) html can not be used without a WYSIWYG. CSS is the way your web page is going to look, css is a wysiwyg and paired with html can get your web page working. 
    To make a web page you need both and both are useless without each other like people and how working together can make something better rather than working alone. With the knowledge we just learned we went to work on github and start designing our pages. Using a google document on classroom given to us by Mr. Allata we started working on github to design our websites. Finnaly we got our websites up and had to write our blogs. From then on we wrote blogs weekly about the concepts and ideas we had learned during the week, however inin our blogs we were really only just summarizing the week not going in depth about the concepts we had learned.
    After weeks of writing in our blogs we started using a website named wescheme and was told that we would be using contracts to create images. The first thing I can remember when we used we scheme was to make a triangle so we used contacts to create the images. We had to tell the computer what we wanted it to do but it had to be in a certain order. First it was open parenthesis triangle a number value for the size of the triangle open quotation solid close quotation open quotation any color close quotation its simple but I had a very tough time understanding it there would always be a problem with the way I wrote it out. We continued doing blogs while we were doing projects on wescheme one of my blogs were about making a flag on weschme. We had to use what we had learned about with the triangle project to create a country flag I chose the Japan flag which was made with a red circle and the outline of a rectangle. It took a while but I managed to get it down then I challenged myself with the columbian flag I ran out of time before I had finished and then this week was the benchmark where we had to write this blog and summarize the past month and a half.
