---
layout: post
title: "Aspects and uses of functions"
date: 2018-11-16
--- 
  This week in Computer science we learned  about function design the value of function definitions and using functions to create an accurate representation of someting. On tuesday we used contracts as a way to tell us about how the functions are designed and how to use that design to make the computer produce what the function tells it to. We then lear about value function definitions basically how to create the function and the expression to tell the computer, and when and when not to use parenthesis and quotation marks. For example the expression would go open parenthesis then the function and then the values or arguments the string. We continued to make more examples using a name age and color eventually coming to these conclusions, values or arguments can't change and can not get redefined, however functions can change and are always changing values are also referred to as nouns and fuctions are called verbs. Finnaly we learned how to use functions as a way to create a visual representation of something for example a rocket ships travel. Using functions we can model what can happen during a rocket ships journey. I cant exactly remember what it was called but during the time when we were writing down all of our questions about the different things that might affect the rockets journy or how we could the journey Joseph had wriiten a function to try and attempt modeling the rockets trip, although the fuction was incorrect it was a start Mr Allata told us what it was called but I had foolishly forgotten to write it down well anyways that start could be a way we begin to try and go from that function to a function that would take into account all of the questions we asked and succesfully model the rockets travel.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
